I want to store the token and I want to store it either in my in browser storage on a Mac or on the
P.C. but I'm not a real device I want to store it on that real device because if I would use the in
browser storage that would be a way lable in that wrapped web app.
The Iona gap is but it might be cleared by the wrapping app shell and it's less reliable than our own
device storage and therefore on the native device I want to use that on the vice storage and capacitor
conveniently gives us access to that storage here under that storage plug in and there we see we should
use that instead of using local storage which would be our normal alternative in web API is and you
can also see that this of course is not meant for high performance data as you see.
You might want to have a look at sequel lite if you need that but it's great for storing key value data
as we have it here.
So let's go back to our offer service now because that is where I now also want to store data in the
storage.
And of course all to retrieve it when our application starts for dad of first of all add a new private
method to yourself service where it which a named store of data and I want to store things like the
user I.D. and the token and important also the token expiration date.
So token expiration date because we need to store that to find out whether the tokens still is valid.
When we come back at a later point of time when we reload the Zap we need to check whether that token
we store is still as valid and we can do so with the help of that token expiration date.
Now next I want to use passenger in here.
So they offer all imports something from at capacitor core and that something is the same thing we used
before.
That would be our plug ins object now in stored data store off data I'll use plug in or plug ins excuse
me storage and then there we have our various methods for interacting with the storage.
For example here we need to set method the set method allows us to store a key value pair and we have
to pass an object to set where we defined a key and then also the value we want to store for that key
and later we can retrieve data by that key.
Now the key here could be just of data which should be a string though of data and the value should
be a string and therefore all merge these three fields into a string you fight object so I'll create
a new data constant.
That will be a javascript object where I have my user I.D. stored in the user I.D. property tokens stored
in the token property and token expiration date stored in the token expiration date property.
Now this is a javascript object and we can store an object in there.
We need to store a string conveniently we can use Jason string ify to turn that object into a string
in JavaScript and then it's that data string which I'm storing here in the end.
So this store is data we of course also want to retrieve data.
However not just store it but first of all let's use our store off data method here sets user data looks
like a good place because this isn't the end what we call for both signing up and logging in.
So inset user data when we emit our new user we can also call this store of data and there we now for
word user data local I.D. which is that user I.D. user data token a token which is that token and that
expiration time we're creating there.
We all have forward that but since I need a string we call to ISO string here
now we're storing data.
Let's next focus on retrieving that data.